he's here
you have to go please talk to avoid
you can't come in the house you know I
might not be able to enter this house
but I'm a very patient man
I'll wait you out
the deal is off I'm renegotiating you
have nothing left to negotiate with
I'd like to see you lure Klaus into
Mystic Falls after the doppelganger
bleeds to death
Stefan let it die no he won't you're
feeding his blood to heal me and then
I'll kill myself and become a vampire
just like Katherine did
so unless you want that to happen again
promise me the same as before promise me
you won't harm anyone I love even if
they've harmed you
yes yes you can have your deal
I give you my word
no tip
don't pull the dagger